# Results and Data Anlysis
This folder contains two subfolder, one of which needs to be manually created, and three files. The first subfolder is called `data` and contains the data that is collected during experiments. The data stored within this folder can be analysed using the `data_analysis` file. The resultant graphs are saved within the second folder called `plots`. This folder needs to be created manually as it is within the gitignore file. The three files that exist within the current  folder are: 
* `data_analysis.py`: which analysises the data that has been collected. The type of analysis can be varied by changing the value of the `flag` variable within the script.
* `cbf_tests.py`: which tests the behaviour of the different Subjective Logic operators in various experiments. These tests do not rely on any data.
* `calc_so_offline.py`: The extraction of rosbag data requires python2.7, however, the use of the Subjective Logic library requires the use of python3. To perform offline Subjective Logic calculations on collected data, the data is extracted in the `data_analysis.py` file and saved in a different format. This is then opened in the `calc_so_offline.py` file where offline Subjective Logic based calculations can be performed. Currently, this process was only used to verify that the run-time SL based calculations function properly and has no data-analysis purpose. Nonetheless, it is still provided here for reference.
Note, for the Subjective Logic library to function the classpath needs to be altered for both the `cbf_tests.py` and `calc_so_offline.py` files prior to execution. 

